make sure you check out definitive arms
calm hey what's up everybody tank that
here another episode attacked any show
today I'm here with my friend chase from
definitive arms and we're at the big
three event they're just incredibly
innovative your hands they're right
inside bolt release you can chamber
round from a fresh mag magazine
push-button magazine release go right
back in chamber around and you're good
to go
there you go all you guys that love the
a.k platform but want to be able to
shoot the five five six two two two
three we've got a ton of these sitting
around but you're having trouble finding
that a that Russian ammo what a great
solution
so rifle on me like a semaphore stock
after this gun has been powered custom
trigger set two-stage
parking a stone rear sight just a slick
gun I'm too heavy that's looking at I'll
be shooting this and giving you some
footage of that in just a minute here
but there it is man looking it feels
good it's got all those natural controls
that you're used to has been cleaned
it's been messed with ran flawless it's
awesome take an arrow 50 magazine size
bolt release round shoot it it'll wash
off
right
you'll carry out some credits for the
rain